we have to revamp the add stages button, we have to move the add stage functionality to
<a href="#" id="vehicle-btn"
              ><span class="nav-status-dot" id="vehicle-status">●</span>Vehicle
Configuration</a
            >
in this form user can specify how many stages a user want by mentioning the number of stages.
so instead of current implementation of clicking the add stage button every time to dynamically create the stages each and every tome. you are rewriting the logic of already mentinining the number of stages before in the vehicle configuration. so when the user says and enter 6 stages and click the button, the stages form will generate. i think the maximum number of stages is currently 5, we have to increase the number to 10, motors can be 15 no change for that, it is already implemented. we have to only change the ux. just for dynamically creating the stages form.

            @revamp_stages.md we have to reimplement the ux.. i  laready changed the Vehicle configuration and renamed it to Mission Specification now.

and add a new item called Vehicle Configuration , in the vehicle configuration i want a new form strucuture that is consistent with project design. in that form. user input how many stages does he wants. the when he clicks that button. dynamically, that specific number of forms will be generated . you are just changing the dynamic generation functionality of stages generation thats all..keep the existing the nav menu desgin of stages and trash icon , so u can re use the data in @ui-navigation.js. also in the stages form there is a button to dynamically add motors, we have to change the button logic, as input box that mention the numbers if motors and nozzle , re use the code for that, now when motod button is clicked it generates both motors and nozzles, that is okay.
we need to change it into a input box thats all. add a info message in the vehicle configuration form. for the the new input boxes in the vehicle cofiguration and in the motors keep the css consistent and aligned be careful there is already js logic for adding the number of stages to the json structure in @formHandler.js and @openMissionHandler.js to autofill these data with loading of json fucntionality. so these shouldnt be affected with this new ui and ux. the printing of json and opening of json took a lot of time. my senior said to change the ui/ux thats why i am dong this. the functionality is perfectly alright, the json printing and open mission functionalit. please be careful and dont mess up the existing functionality. earlier i renamed the Vehicle cofiguration to Mission design, so the new vehicle configuration is the new one, i only changed the html structure. not the variable name, so the variable name must be the old. so double check the variable names. if there is no need to change it, then dont change it . the variable names should be confusing, but the old varibale names is used through out all the js files . mostly in @ui-navigation.js and @openMissionHandler.js , maybe the validation and json saving and open mission functionality may mess up. because of the old variable name, . so be careful.take your time. try your best not to change any exisiting functionality . be intelligent, dont try to change the exisitng code. so it wont affect the functionality off ui navigation , json saving and json opening. only change the ui and ux and update the existing functionality to accomadate the older ones. no testing is required
